It has been taken me a lot of time to learn programming. I jumped from a language to another language for many times but I am not adept at any of them. 

Reason why I fail at learning

What is my current problem? The model that I am using. Sometime I think it is too slow to let your typing following your thought. The main problem is the model I use on leaning. 

When think about learning. It is the process of understanding, remembering, and the ability to recall when I need. I know about the brain of human and how does it works. Your brain constantly make the connection between what we did know and what we want to learn more. One can say they understand something if they find the connection between facts and knowledge.

Here I want to write down some simple rule of brain. My brain is matching pattern machine. It often see what happen, collect facts and find out the pattern, the series of activity that usually come together, it uses that pattern to predict the future when it see a part of pattern it make a projection about what will happen. The library of pattern is very complex and overlay, thus it can make prediction. Therefore, to attach a meaning to an subject, make the subject in the pattern that usually express that meaning.

What is the pattern, actually, it is a series of actions, facts that usually come together and our brain just learn from the environment around. Understand it can lead me to the key of studying and when a pattern is done many times we start to find the rule and principle for this. So when we study rule and principle it is the convert from many example. It can be hard to do it reversely.

What is my current pattern:
	- 

How many ways to learn programming
	- choose material (book, video lecture)
	- choose the method to read

But finally, the ultimate purpose is to code myself. Now my mission is to understand how to use the tool correctly. Find out the other pattern to apply. What is missing point. How can I apply them to my situation, must be successful example
	- Playing League of Legend
	-	Learn physics